---
slug: terms
lang: en
title: SUBSTRATE.IO – WEBSITE TERMS OF USE
---

_Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using this website._

Parity Technologies Limited ("**Parity**") is a company registered in England and Wales under
company number 09760015 with its registered office at Ignition Law, Moray House, Floor 1, Moray
House, 23-31 Great Titchfield Street, London, United Kingdom, WC1W 7PA. We operate the website
substrate.io and any subdomains (including as identified below, as may change from time to time)
(the "**Site**").

## Understanding these Terms of Use

These terms of use (together with the documents referred to in it) (the "**Terms**") describe how
you may access, browse, use and interact with the Site. By using the Site you confirm that you
accept these Terms and that you agree to comply with them. **_If you do not agree to any part of
these Terms, you must not use the Site._**

When certain words and phrases are used in these Terms, they have specific meanings (these are known
as "defined terms"). You can identify these defined terms because they start with capital letters
(even if they are not at the start of a sentence). Where a defined term is used, it has the meaning
given to it in the section of these Terms where it was defined (you can find these meanings by
looking at the sentence where the defined term is included in speech marks).

In these Terms, when we refer to "**we**", "**us**" or "**our**", we mean Parity, and when we refer
to "**you**" or "**your**" we mean the person accessing or using the Site.

In addition to these Terms, please note that:

- if you submit a module, pallet, tool or any other content to us for hosting, publishing or display
  on the Marketplace sub-domain of the Site , that submission will be governed by our Contributor
  T&amp;Cs;
- if you access and use the Playground sub-domain of the Site (, that access and use will be
  governed by the Playground User T&amp;Cs;
- the Site uses cookies, the use of which are governed by our cookies policy (available
  [here](https://www.parity.io/privacy/)); and
- we only use your personal information in accordance with our privacy policy (available
  [here](https://www.parity.io/privacy/)).

## Accessing and using the Site

The Site is made available free of charge. We do not guarantee that the Site, or any content on it,
will always be available or be uninterrupted. Access to the Site is permitted on a temporary basis.
We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of the Site without notice. We will
not be liable to you if for any reason the Site is unavailable at any time or for any period.

You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the Site. You
are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access the Site through your internet
connection are aware of these Terms and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply
with them.

## No reliance on information

The Site and the content on it are provided for general information purposes only. Nothing on the
Site is intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or
specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on the
Site. Although we may update the information on the Site from time to time, we make no
representations that the content on the Site is accurate, complete or up-to-date, or will be free
from errors or omissions.

## Acceptable Use

### General

You agree not to:

1. use the Site in any way that breaches these Terms or any applicable local, national or
   international law or regulation;
1. copy, or otherwise reproduce or re-sell any part of the Site unless expressly permitted to do so
   in these Terms; or
1. do any act or thing that might damage, disrupt or otherwise interfere with the operation of the
   Site or any equipment, network or software used in operating the Site.

You expressly acknowledge and agree that any views expressed by other users on the Site do not
necessarily represent our views or values.

You are solely responsible for securing and backing up your content.

### User Generated Content

If it is the case that you supply and/or upload content to the Site – whether it be pictures, text,
sound recordings or otherwise – the content you supply ("**User Generated Content**") must comply
with the following rules:

1. it must not be obscene, abusive, offensive or racist and it must not promote or propose hatred or
   physical harm against anyone;
1. it must not harass or bully another person;
1. it must be true and honest so far as you know;
1. it must not be defamatory of anyone;
1. it must not use the material or content or infringe the rights or privacy of anyone else;
1. it must not contain someone else’s personal details or confidential information relating to other
   people; and
1. it must not promote or condone terrorism, violence or illegal behaviour.

You agree that any User Generated Content complies with those standards.

If you are acting for purposes relating to your trade, business, craft or profession (a "**Business
User**"), you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any losses, liabilities, damages, fines,
penalties, expenses or costs ("**Losses**") that we may suffer or incur in connection with any
failure of the User Generated Content to comply with these standards.

We reserve the right to refuse or accept, remove, or refuse or cease to use any User Generated
Content supplied by any person that we think contravenes these standards. We also have the right to
disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any User Generated Content posted or
uploaded by you to the Site constitutes a violation of their rights (including intellectual property
rights or rights to privacy).

You acknowledge, understand and agree that other users of the Site may upload or supply their own
User Generated Content on the Site (in particular, though without limitation, users who submit
pallets and tools to be made available on the Marketplace sub-domain). We are under no obligation to
review, validate or correct any User Generated Content posted by you or by any other user of the
Site (including pallet and tool submissions on the Marketplace sub-domain), and under no
circumstances will be responsible or liable to you or any third party for the content or accuracy of
any User Generated Content posted on the Site. We give no guarantee that any User Generated Content
will be free from errors or omissions.

### Interactive Services

In addition, we may from time to time provide interactive services on the Site that shall enable you
to upload User Generated Content, including, without limitation comment facilities, chat rooms
and/or bulletin boards (together "**Interactive Services**").

Where we provide an Interactive Service, we will use reasonable endeavours to provide information to
you about the kind of service offered and if it is moderated. However, we are under no obligation to
oversee, monitor or moderate any Interactive Service we provide.

The use of any of our Interactive Services by a minor is subject to the consent of their parent or
guardian. We advise parents who permit their children to use an Interactive Service that it is
important that they communicate with their children about their safety online. Minors who are using
any Interactive Service should be made aware of the potential risks to them.

### Viruses

We do not guarantee that the Site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible
for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access the
Site. You should use your own virus protection software.

You must not misuse the Site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other
material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised
access to the Site, the server on which the Site is stored or any server, computer or database
connected to the Site. You must not attack the Site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed
denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the
Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities
and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of
such a breach, your right to use the Site will cease immediately.

## Intellectual property rights

Other than in relation to User Generated Content, we are the owner or licensee of all intellectual
property rights in the Site and its content, the Parity name and mark. Those works are protected by
intellectual property laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.

You must not use the Site (or any part of it or its content) as part of any commercial offering,
though you may use it for your own purposes. You are not granted any right to use, and may not use,
any of our intellectual property rights other than as set out in these Terms - however, you may
print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from the Site for your non-commercial,
personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on
the Site.

You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded
in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any
graphics separately from any accompanying text.

No part of the Site, including, without limitation, the text, designs, graphics, photographs and
images contained in it, may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, re-posted, modified,
transmitted or distributed or otherwise used in any way for any non-personal, commercial purpose
without our prior written consent or as expressly permitted under these Terms. Our status (and that
of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on the Site must always be acknowledged.
If you print off, copy or download any part of the Site in breach of these Terms, your right to use
the Site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the
materials you have made.

Any content (including User Generated Content), communications or materials you send to us through
the Site by electronic mail or other means will be treated as non-proprietary and non-confidential.
You grant us a non-exclusive, perpetual and irrevocable, royalty-free, sub-licensable, fully paid
up, worldwide licence to use, copy, modify, adapt, amend, prepare derivative works of, publish,
transmit, incorporate and distribute any ideas, suggestions, concepts, designs, know-how and other
information contained in such communications or materials (including User Generated Content) for any
purpose, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, advertising and marketing us and
our service and products.

## Limitation of our liability

### General exclusions

Nothing in these Terms excludes or limits our liability for: (a) death or personal injury caused by
our negligence; (b) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or (c) any matter in respect of which it
would be unlawful for us to exclude or restrict our liability.

We assume no responsibility for the content of websites linked on the Site (including links to our
commercial sponsors and partners, and including Github). Such links should not be interpreted as
endorsement by us of those linked websites, and we will not be liable for any Losses that may arise
from your use of them.

### If you are a Business User

If you are a Business User, then subject to the first paragraph under 'General exclusions' above:

1. to the maximum extent permitted by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or
   other terms which may apply to the Site or any content on it, whether express or implied;
1. in no event shall we be liable to you for any loss of profits, loss of revenue, loss of
   contracts, loss or corruption of data, failure to realise anticipated savings or for any indirect
   or consequential loss, whether arising in contract, tort (including negligence),
   misrepresentation (whether statutory or tortious), breach of statutory duty or otherwise; and
1. our total liability to you for any Losses arising out of or in connection with these Terms,
   whether in contract (including under any indemnity), tort (including negligence),
   misrepresentation (whether statutory or tortious), breach of statutory duty or otherwise shall be
   limited to £100.

You shall indemnify and hold us harmless against any losses, costs, liabilities and expenses
suffered or incurred by us and/or our affiliates as a result of any breach of these Terms.

### If you are a consumer

If you are acting for purposes that are wholly or mainly outside your trade, business, craft or
profession then, save as set out in the first paragraph under 'General exclusions' above, the
following provisions shall apply.

Our total liability to you for any Losses arising out of or in connection with these Terms, whether
in contract (including under any indemnity), tort (including negligence) or otherwise shall be
limited to £100.

Nothing in these Terms affects your statutory rights. Advice about your statutory rights is
available from your local Citizens' Advice Bureau or Trading Standards Office.

We only supply the Site to you for domestic and private use. You agree not to access and use the
Site, or any content on the Site, for any commercial or business purposes and we have no liability
to you for any loss of profit, loss or corruption of data, loss of business, business interruption,
or loss of business opportunity.

## Suspension and termination

If you breach any of these Terms, we may immediately do any or all of the following (without
limitation): (a) issue a warning to you; (b) temporarily or permanently remove any User Generated
Content uploaded by you to the Site; (c) temporarily or permanently withdraw your right to use the
Site; (d) issue legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs resulting from the
breach (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs); (e) take further
legal action against you; and/or (f) disclose such information to law enforcement authorities as we
reasonably feel is necessary to do so.

## Changes to the Site and these Terms

We may update the Site from time to time, and may change the content at any time. However, please
note that any of the content on the Site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no
obligation to update it.

We may revise and make changes to these Term at any time and from time to time. Please check these
Terms regularly to ensure that you understand the Terms that apply at the time that you access and
use the Site.

## Other important information

Each of the provisions of these Terms operates separately. If any court or relevant authority
decides that any of them are unlawful or unenforceable, the remaining clauses will remain in full
force and effect.

If we fail to insist that you perform any of your obligations under these Terms, or if we do not
enforce our rights against you, or if we delay in doing so, that will not mean that we have waived
our rights against you and will not mean that you do not have to comply with those obligations. If
we do waive a default by you, we will only do so in writing, and that will not mean that we will
automatically waive any later default by you.

If you wish to have more information on online dispute resolution, please follow this link to the
website of the European Commission: http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/. This link is provided as
required by Regulation (EU) No 524/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council, for
information purposes only. We are not obliged to participate in online dispute resolution.

## Governing law and jurisdiction

### If you are a Business User

These Terms are governed by the laws of England and Wales. This means that your access to and use of
the Site, and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection therewith (including
non-contractual disputes or claims), will be governed by English law.

The courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes between us
(including non-contractual disputes or claims).

### If you are a consumer

These Terms are governed by the laws of England and Wales. This means that your access to and use of
the Site, and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection therewith (including
non-contractual disputes or claims), will be governed by English law.

You may bring any dispute which may arise under these Terms to – at your discretion - either the
competent court of England, or to the competent court of your country of habitual residence if this
country of habitual residence is an EU Member State, which courts are – with the exclusion of any
other court - competent to settle such a dispute. We shall bring any dispute which may arise under
these Terms to the competent court of your country of habitual residence if this is in an EU Member
State, or otherwise the competent court of England.

As a consumer, if you are resident in the European Union and we direct the Site to (and/or pursue
our commercial or professional activities in relation to the Site in) the EU Member State in which
you are resident, you will benefit from any mandatory provisions of the law of the country in which
you are resident. Nothing in these Terms, including in the two paragraphs immediately above, affect
your rights as a consumer to rely on such mandatory provisions of local law.

---

## Contact us

Should you have any reasons for a complaint, we will endeavour to resolve the issue and avoid any
re-occurrence in the future. You can always contact us by using the following details:

Address: Ignition Law, Moray House Floor 1, 23-31 Great Titchfield Street, London, United Kingdom,
WC1W 7PA

Email address: legal@parity.io

---

## Statutory information

Statutory information about Parity Technologies Limited:

- Registered in England and Wales
- Registered Number: 09760015
- Registered Office: Ignition Law, Moray House Floor 1, 23-31 Great Titchfield Street, London,
  United Kingdom, WC1W 7PA.

Thank you for visiting the Site.

**Terms last updated: 10 July 2020**
